[Intro Animation]
Hey, I'm Ayla and I'm a graphic designer specializing in motion design.
[What inspired you to pursue graphic design?]
I've always been a very artsy person growing up.
I've always loved to paint and draw and tell stories through little books that I would make.
And this led me into studying fine arts at Ottawa U and that's where I discovered a time-based art class, which is essentially videography and storytelling, which I absolutely fell in love with.
And then after a year or so, I decided that that program wasn't for me anymore, and that's when I discovered graphic design!
I applied on a bit of a whim and managed to get in, and then after a year or so of being in the program that's when I discovered my true love, motion design.
And here I am!
[What is your dream company/studio to work with?]
My dream studio to work for would be Gimmick Studio in Montreal.
They are a motion design specific studio.
I really admire all of their work, I love how they combine graphic design and put it into motion, which is exactly what I love to do.
So I would love the opportunity to work for them and learn from them.
[What was your favourite class in the graphic design program?]
My favorite class in the graphic design program is obviously motion.
That's where I really fell in love and found my passion for motion design.
And I feel like that's the class that I was able to grow and further my skills the most in.
I'm very grateful that I was able to learn from such great motion designers, and I'm excited to pursue my career in motion design!
[What designers, brands or websites do you admire?]
Some 2D motion designers that I'm very inspired by are Ben Marriott on YouTube and Jasmine Katz, who's actually local here.
And some 3D motion artists that I also love are Joe Ryba and Made by Studio JQ, both on Instagram.
They've actually inspired me a lot to pursue 3D motion design and to take a deep dive into Cinema 4D.
[What is your favourite font?]
My favorite font has to be Termina, I use it a lot in my own personal branding.
It's a pretty simple sans-serif, but it has a lot of really cool, unique shapes, which I absolutely love.
Thanks for getting to know me!
[Outro Animation]